# About

I am a historian working on political, cultural, and intellectual history, with a focus on Southeast Europe. My research deals primarily with the history of the Cold War from a global and transnational perspective. I am interested in the use of digital methods for historical research, spatial humanities, and network theory.

I am based in Ljubljana and I work as a research fellow at the Institute for contemporary history. From November 2025, I will also be Principal Investigator of the project "Brokers of Non-Alignment: Biographical and Network Approaches to the Making of the Third World" funded by an ERC Starting Grant. I am also a member of the editorial team of the journal *The Programming Historian*, and research associate at the Centre d’études turques, ottomanes, balkaniques et centrasiatiques in Paris.

I completed my PhD at the École des Hautes Études en Sciences Sociales in France and the University of San Martín in Argentina. I have been research fellow and visiting scholar at different institutions in France, Germany, Austria, Croatia, and Hungary, and Greece. My first book, published by Éditions Karthala in Paris and titled *Les sciences sociales face à la crise : une histoire intellectuelle de la crise yougoslave (1980-1995)*, analyzes the transformation of Yugoslav social sciences during the crisis and breakup of the country. My second book, a history of Communism in Central and Eastern Europe in Spanish co-written with José Luis Aguilar, was recently published by Siglo XXI in Buenos Aires and Madrid. I have also co-edited a collective volume on the conceptual history of transition in Southern and Eastern Europe, which will be published soon by Berghahn Books.
